Once upon a time, there was a big, round tree. This tree was the largest in a big park full of green grass and bright flowers. Every day, kids would come to play under the tree. Its leaves were bright and its branches were wide.

One sunny day, a small bird named Bobo flew to the park. Bobo had seen the round tree from high in the sky. He liked the big tree and thought, "I want to sit in this round tree. It seems like a good place to rest."

Bobo flew down and said to the tree, "Hello, big, round tree. Can I sit on your branch?" The tree was very nice and said, "Yes, Bobo, you can sit on my branch." So, Bobo sat on the branch and it was nice and cool under the tree.

Bobo loved the tree. He liked to sit on the round tree all day, watching the kids play. But one day, a big wind came. It was so strong, it blew Bobo right off the branch.

"Help!" Bobo cried as he flew away. He wanted to stay on the round tree, but the wind was too strong. Bobo tried to fly back but could not. And just like that, Bobo was gone, taken away by the wind.

And that was the sad end. Bobo was gone and the round tree was alone again. The tree missed Bobo very much, and the park was not as happy without the small bird who used to sit on the big, round tree.

Once upon a time, there was a little green butterfly named Lily. Lily was the only green butterfly in her group. All her friends were red, blue, and yellow. They would fly and play all day in the big, sunny meadow.

One day, while playing, Lily saw a big dog. The dog was big and fluffy, and his fur was as white as snow. She flew down to say hi to the dog. "Hi dog, I am Lily. What is your name?" Lily asked.

The dog looked at Lily and said, "I am Max. Nice to meet you, Lily." Max liked Lily. He liked her green wings. They talked and played for a while, and they became good friends.

One day, Lily flew down to play with Max. She saw him sitting under a big tree. But when Max saw Lily, he did something different. He began to bark. "Woof, woof!" Max barked. He barked and barked.

Lily was very scared. She flew up into the air to get away from the loud noise. But as she flew up, a big bird saw her. The bird came down fast and caught Lily. Max stopped barking and watched as Lily was carried away by the bird. After that day, Lily was never seen again. Max felt bad. He missed his green butterfly friend.

Once upon a time, there was a very sleepy dog named Ben. Ben was so sleepy that he would doze off while he walked, or even while he ate. He was always, always tired.

One day, Ben saw a big sandwich on the table. "Yum," thought Ben, "I want that sandwich." But the sandwich was high up on the table. Ben would have to jump to get it.

"Jump, Ben, Jump!" said Ben to himself. He tried to jump, but he was too sleepy. He fell down and went back to sleep. After a while, he woke up and tried again. He jumped and jumped, but the sandwich was still too high for him.

After a long day of trying, Ben was very tired. He said, "I am too sleepy. I will try tomorrow." But when he woke up the next day, the sandwich was gone. A bird had seen it through the window and taken it away. Ben was sad. He was so sleepy and now, he had no sandwich.

Once upon a time, there was a big red balloon. It was not just a balloon; it was a very fast balloon. This balloon could fly all over the sky in no time. It could touch the tall trees and then zip up to the white clouds.

One sunny day, the balloon met a thirsty bird. The bird said, "Balloon, can you help me? I need to drink water, but the pond is so far." The balloon, being fast, said, "Hop on, little bird. I can take you there."

So, the bird sat on the balloon, and they flew fast to the pond. The bird drank all the water it needed. It was so happy. But the balloon was near a sharp stick.

Suddenly, pop! The balloon hit the stick. It was not fast anymore. It could not fly. The bird was sad. His fast friend, the balloon, was gone. Now, he had to fly back on his own. It was a bad day for the bird and the balloon. The end.

Once upon a time, there was a teddy bear named Teddy. Teddy had a sharp nose, not like most teddy bears. His nose was so sharp, it looked like a small, shiny cone. Teddy lived in a small, warm room full of toys, but he felt alone because his nose was not like the others.

One day, Teddy met a bunny toy named Fluffy. Fluffy had soft, big ears and a cute little tail. Teddy liked Fluffy very much. He said, "Hi, Fluffy! Will you be my friend?" Fluffy looked at Teddy's sharp nose and said, "Yes, Teddy! We can be friends."

Teddy and Fluffy played together all day. They would talk, laugh, and have fun. But when it was time to sleep, Teddy would poke Fluffy with his sharp nose. "Ouch! Teddy, your nose is too sharp," Fluffy would say. Teddy would feel sad, but he would say sorry and try to keep his sharp nose away.

This happened every night. Teddy tried his best, but his sharp nose always hurt Fluffy. Fluffy started to cry and didn't want to sleep next to Teddy anymore. Teddy felt very sad, he didn't want to be alone again.

One night, Teddy poked Fluffy too hard. "Ouch! Teddy, no more!" Fluffy cried and hopped away to sleep with the other toys. Teddy was left alone in the dark, feeling sad.

Once upon a time, there was a big, heavy truck. Its name was Big Red. Big Red liked to go fast. But Big Red was so heavy, he could not go fast. This made Big Red very sad.

One day, a small car named Speedy came along. Speedy could go very fast. Speedy saw Big Red and said, "Why are you so sad, Big Red?" Big Red said, "I am so heavy. I can not go fast like you, Speedy." Speedy did not know what to say, so he just laughed.

This made Big Red even more sad. "I do not like that you laugh at me, Speedy. It is not nice," said Big Red. But Speedy just laughed more. Big Red felt very bad.

Then, one day, Big Red saw a big hill. Big Red had a bad idea. "If I go down this big hill, I can go fast," he thought. So, Big Red went down the big hill.

But Big Red was too heavy. He went too fast. At the bottom of the hill, Big Red could not stop. He hit a tree. Big Red was hurt. He could not move anymore. Speedy came and saw Big Red. He did not laugh this time. He was sad, too. But it was too late. Big Red was broken. And this was the end of Big Red.

Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Ben. Ben was a very loud bunny. He liked to hop and thump his big feet all day and night. All the other animals in the woods were not happy because they could not sleep.

One day, Bird said to Ben, "Ben, you are too loud. We cannot sleep. Can you please be quiet?" Ben just laughed and hopped away. He did not care that he was loud. He just wanted to hop and thump his feet.

In the day, when Ben was not hopping, he liked to draw. He would pick up a stick with his small paws and draw in the dirt. He drew big pictures of carrots and small pictures of his bunny friends. But he was still loud. He would laugh and shout as he drew.

So, the animals had a big meeting. They decided to ask Owl to talk to Ben. Owl was very wise and they hoped he could make Ben understand. Owl went to Ben and said, "Ben, you must stop being so loud. If you don't, we will have to send you away."

But Ben did not listen to Owl. He kept hopping and being loud. The animals were sad but they had to keep their word. They told Ben he could not stay in the woods anymore.

And so, Ben, the loud bunny who liked to draw, had to leave his home. It was a very bad day for Ben, but he had not listened when his friends had asked him to be quiet.

Once upon a time, there was a robot. The robot was very smooth. It was shiny like a big spoon. It had lights for eyes and big, round wheels to move.

One day, the robot saw a cat. The cat was up in a tree. "Come down, cat," said the robot. But the cat was too scared to move.

So, the robot had an idea. It started to dance. It twirled around and around. It moved its big, round wheels fast and slow. The cat watched the robot. The robot hoped the dance would make the cat laugh and forget being scared.

And it worked! The cat laughed at the robot's dance. It was a funny sight to see. The cat forgot it was scared. It climbed down from the tree. It landed on the smooth, shiny robot.

But then, a sad thing happened. The cat's claws scratched the robot. The robot wasn't smooth and shiny anymore. The robot was hurt and the cat ran away. The robot couldn't dance anymore. It was a bad day for the robot. It learned that not all plans work out how you want.

Once upon a time, there was a big cat. The cat liked to jump. He jumped up and down, over and over. The cat was very big, so when he jumped, the ground shook. This made the cat very happy. He would purr and jump some more.

One day, the big cat saw a little bird. The bird was up in a tree. "Hello, bird!" said the cat. "Can you fly?" The bird said, "Yes, I can fly. Can you jump high like me?" The big cat was happy. He wanted to show the bird that he could jump very high too.

"Watch me!" said the big cat. He jumped. He jumped so high that he touched the sky. The bird was very surprised. The cat was happy because he jumped so high.

But then, something bad happened. The cat was so big, and he jumped so high, that when he came down, he fell into a hole. The hole was deep, and the cat was stuck. He could not jump out of the hole because it was too deep. The bird tried to help, but the bird was too small.

The big cat was sad. He missed jumping up and down. He missed the sun and the trees. He missed his friends. But the hole was too deep. The big cat could not jump out. The end was bad. The big cat was stuck in the hole forever.

Once upon a time, there was a big red ball. The ball loved to roll and play in the bright sun. It would roll down hills, through the grass, and even in the mud! The ball was always full of fun and joy. One day, the ball saw a big hill. "Oh, how fun it would be to roll down that hill!" thought the ball.

The red ball went to the top of the big hill. The top of the hill was so high. The ball could see all the way to the blue sky. The ball was very happy and said, "This will be the best roll ever!" With that, the ball began to roll down the hill.

The red ball rolled fast down the hill. It was so much fun! The ball went faster and faster, laughing all the way. But, as the ball was having fun, it did not see a big hole in the ground. The ball rolled right into the hole. "Oh no!" cried the ball as it fell into the hole.

Inside the hole, it was dark and cold. The ball was scared. "Help! I am stuck!" cried the ball, but no one could hear. The red ball was stuck in the hole. It could not roll or play anymore. The ball was very sad and missed the bright sun.

The next day, some kids came to play on the hill. They saw the hole and the red ball inside. "Look, a ball is stuck in the hole!" said one kid. But the hole was too deep and the kids could not reach the ball. They tried to help, but in the end, they had to leave the ball behind.


Once upon a time, there was a tall tree. This tree was very, very big. It was green, too. All the kids loved this tall tree. They liked to play near it. They liked to look at it. They thought the tall tree was fun.

One day, a little bird came to the tall tree. The little bird said, "Tree, you are so big. Can you dance?" The tree was silent. It could not talk. But it wanted to try. It wanted to dance for the little bird.

The next day, the sun came up. The tree tried to dance. It moved its big branches. It shook its green leaves. It swayed back and forth. Back and forth. The little bird laughed and said, "Tree, you are good at dancing!"

All the kids saw the tall tree dance. They clapped. They laughed. They thought it was fun. But then, the tree danced too hard. It shook and shook. And then, it fell down. Crash!

The kids were sad. The little bird was sad. The tall tree was no more. It was just a big log now. The little bird said, "I am sorry, tree. I did not want you to fall." But it was too late. The tall tree could not dance anymore. And that was the end of the big, tall tree.

Once upon a time, there was a happy dog. His name was Spot. Spot loved to run, play, and bark. He had a big, loud bark that could be heard all over. He was very happy because he had a red ball to play with. The ball was his best friend.

One day, Spot met a small cat. The cat was scared of Spot's big, loud bark. Spot said, "Do not be scared, cat. My bark is loud, but I am nice. Do you want to play with my red ball?" The cat said, "Yes, I want to play. But please do not bark. It is too loud."

Spot and the cat began to play. They ran around and around. They played with the red ball. They had a lot of fun. Spot was so happy, he forgot about his promise to the cat. Spot let out a big, happy bark. The cat got scared and ran away.

Spot looked around. The cat was gone. He was alone with his red ball. He felt sad. He missed his new friend. Spot learned that day that his big, loud bark could scare away his friends. From that day, Spot was not as happy as before. He still played with his red ball, but he missed playing with the cat.

Once upon a time, a bright, pretty butterfly named Lily lived by the salty sea. Lily loved to fly around the big blue sea and sing to the happy waves. Every morning, she would sing, "Hello, sea! You look so nice today!" And the sea would send a soft wind to play with her.

One sunny day, as Lily was singing, a small boy named Sam heard her song. "Wow, what a nice song!" said Sam, "Can you sing for me every day, Lily?" Lily was happy. She said, "Yes, Sam! I will sing for you every day."

So, every day, Lily would fly to Sam and sing her sweet song. She would sing about the big sea, the tall trees, and the warm sun. Sam loved her song. It made him feel good. But he had a big, bad cat named Max.

One day, while Lily was singing, Max jumped high and caught Lily in his paw. "No, Max!" yelled Sam, but it was too late. Lily could not fly or sing anymore. 

Once upon a time, there was a little penguin named Pippy. Pippy loved to play with his shiny red ball. Every day, Pippy would run here and run there, always with his shiny red ball. It was so much fun. The ball was as bright as the sun and as shiny as a star.

One sunny day, as Pippy was playing with his shiny red ball, he saw a big bird in the sky. The bird looked down and saw Pippy's shiny red ball. "Oh, what a shiny toy!" the bird said, and swooped down.

Pippy cried out, "No, no! That's my ball!" But it was too late. The bird took the shiny red ball and flew away. Pippy tried to run after the bird, but he could not fly. Pippy was very sad. He missed his shiny red ball.

Days passed, but Pippy could not forget his shiny red ball. He missed how it would light up his day. He missed how it felt to run with it. Pippy felt sad and his days were not as fun anymore. The other penguins saw how sad Pippy was and they all felt sorry for him.


Once, a big, round potato lived in a green bag. He was a happy potato. He had a big dream. He wanted to fly. Every night, he would look up at the sky and see the birds. He would say, "Oh, how I wish I could fly like you."

One day, a bird heard him. The bird flew down and said, "Hi, Mr. Potato! Why are you sad?" The potato said, "I am happy, but I want to fly like you, bird." The bird thought for a bit. Then, he had an idea. "I can help you fly, Mr. Potato!"

The next day, the bird brought some big, soft feathers. He stuck them on the potato. Now, the potato had wings! The potato was very happy. He jumped up and down. "I can fly now! Thank you, bird!" The potato said.

The potato tried to fly. He jumped up and down. He ran as fast as he could. But he could not fly. He tried and tried. But he just fell down. He was sad. "I am too heavy. I can't fly," said the potato.

In the end, the potato could not fly. He was very sad. His dream did not come true. He felt bad. But he was still a potato. He was still big and round. And he was still happy. He learned that not all dreams come true. And that is okay. He was still a happy potato.


Once upon a time, there was a big, cold hill. On top of the hill lived a bunny named Bob. Bob was very hungry. He wanted to eat.

One day, Bob saw a big rainbow in the sky. The colors were so pretty! Bob hopped towards the rainbow, thinking, "I bet that rainbow tastes nice!" Bob was so sure he could eat the rainbow to make his tummy full.

"Stop, Bob!" said his friend, Bird. "You can't eat a rainbow. It's in the sky. You are on the ground." But Bob did not listen to Bird. He wanted to eat the rainbow so bad.

Bob hopped and hopped up the cold hill, but he could not reach the rainbow. He was so tired and so sad. He felt even more hungry. He sat on the cold hill, looking at the rainbow he could not eat. It was a bad day for Bob.

In the end, Bob learned a big lesson. You can't always get what you want.

Once upon a time, there was a big, quiet elephant named Ellie. Ellie loved to swim. She would go to the big blue lake every day, flap her big ears, and jump in. "Splash!" went the water all around her.

Ellie had a little friend, a bird named Billy. Billy was scared of the water. He would sit on Ellie's back and watch her swim. Ellie would say, "Billy, try to swim! It's fun!" But Billy would shake his head and say, "No, Ellie, I can't swim like you."

One day, Ellie saw a big green log floating in the lake. She thought it was a new friend to play with. She told Billy, "Look! A new friend to swim with us!" But Billy was scared. He said, "Ellie, I don't think it's a friend. Let's go back."

Ellie did not listen. She went to say hello to the green log. But the log was not a log, it was a big, hungry crocodile! The crocodile opened its big mouth and chased Ellie and Billy away. Ellie and Billy ran away as fast as they could, but they were too late. The crocodile caught up with Ellie and took a big bite at her tail.

Once upon a time, there was a fluffy cat named Mimi. Mimi loved to dance. She would sway her tail and jump up and down. One sunny day, Mimi saw a big red train. The train was big and shiny, and it made a loud "Choo-Choo" sound that made Mimi's ears wiggle.

"Wow!" said Mimi, her eyes big and round. "I want to dance on the train!" So, Mimi jumped onto the train. She began to dance. She danced up and down the train. It was fun, and Mimi was very happy.

The train started to move. It went fast and faster. Mimi's dance became a jiggle. She looked around and saw trees and houses rush by. "Oh no!" cried Mimi, "I want to go home!"

The train went into a dark tunnel. Mimi was scared. She missed her warm bed and her toy mouse. But the train did not stop. Mimi could not get off. She meowed loudly, but nobody heard her.

The train kept going and Mimi kept meowing. She did not dance anymore. Instead, she sat in a corner and wished she had stayed home. She missed the sun and the fun games she used to play. The train ride was not fun anymore.

Once upon a time, in a big red house, there lived a small, furry kitten named Mia. Mia had a big, round ball she liked to play with. It was as big as she was!

One sunny day, Mia saw a big bird in the yard. She wanted to be friends with the bird. So, she went up to the bird and gave a soft "meow". She hoped the bird would play with her and her big ball.

The bird looked at the kitten, then at the ball, and said in a whisper, "I'm too big for that ball, little kitten. I could break it." But Mia wanted to play so much, she asked the bird again, "Please, Mr. Bird, play with me and my big ball."

Mr. Bird, wanting to be kind, tried to play with the big ball. But as he was so big, the ball went pop! The ball was broken. Mia was sad. Her big ball was gone. She looked at the big bird and the bird said, "I'm sorry, Mia. I told you I was too big."

Once upon a time, a tiny ant named Tim lived near a big tree. Tim loved to play in the sun. He would run and jump and have a lot of fun.

One day, while Tim was playing, he saw a big red ball. He ran to it, and he tried to push it, but it was too big. Tim asked the ball, "Can you move? I want to play with you." But the ball did not say anything. It just sat there, big and red and round.

Tim was sad. He wanted to play, but the big red ball would not move. So, he went to the sun and asked, "Sun, can you help me move the big red ball?" The sun just smiled and said, "I am too far to help you, Tim. But I can give you light and warmth."

So, Tim tried to push the ball again, using all his might. But the ball still did not move. Tim was very tired, so he decided to sleep. He hoped that when he woke up, the ball would have moved.

But when Tim woke up, the ball was still there. And it was bigger! It had grown so big that it blocked the sun. Tim was scared and cold. He could no longer play in the sun.

Once upon a time, there was a big giraffe. His name was Jake. Jake was very tall and quick. He loved to run in the warm sun.

One day, Jake found a small book on the ground. He picked it up. He knew how to read because his mom had taught him. Jake was happy. He sat down under a big tree and started to read the book.

While Jake was reading, a little bug named Bob came by. "Hi Jake! What are you doing?" Bob asked. Jake looked up from his book. "Hi Bob! I am reading a book," Jake said. Bob looked at the book and asked, "Can I read too?"

Jake was kind, so he said yes. But Bob was very small. He could not see the words in the book. Jake tried to help Bob read. They read the book together until the sun went down.

But then, something bad happened. The book had a spell. The spell was at the end of the book. When Jake and Bob read the spell, they turned into stone. They could not move or talk. 

Once upon a time, there was a red kite. It liked to fly high up in the sky. One day, it went so high that it met a big white cloud. The cloud said, "Hi, red kite! Why are you up so high?" The kite said, "I like to see all the things down below. I can see houses, trees, and even a big blue sea."

The cloud wanted to see these things too. It asked the kite, "Can you show me?" The kite was happy to help. It flew down and the cloud tried to follow. But the cloud was too big and heavy. It could not come down.

The cloud was sad. It wanted to see the houses, trees, and the big blue sea. So, the kite had an idea. "I will draw for you," said the kite. "I will draw the things I see down below. I will write with my long tail in the sky."

The kite started to draw and write in the sky. It drew a big house. It drew a tall tree. It even drew the big blue sea. But as the kite drew more and more, it got too tired. It drew so much that it could not fly anymore.

The red kite fell down from the sky. It landed in a big tree and got stuck. It was very sad. The cloud saw this and felt bad.

Once upon a time, there was a zebra named Zack. Zack loved to run, jump, and play in the big, green field. He was a happy zebra, but he had one big wish. He wanted to climb the tall, tall tree near his home. He wanted to see what was up there. He wanted to touch the sky.

One day, Zack told his friend, a loud bird named Lulu, about his wish. "Lulu, I want to climb that tall tree," he said. "But I don't know how. Can you help me?" Lulu, who liked to help, said, "I can't teach you to climb, Zack. But I can tell you to be careful. The tree is very high."

The next day, Zack tried to climb the tree. He pushed his hooves into the tree and tried to move up. But it was hard. He slipped and fell down. But he did not give up. He tried again and again, but he just couldn't do it.

One day, Zack tried to climb the tree again. He pushed hard and got very high. He was almost at the top when he heard a loud crack! The branch he was standing on broke, and Zack fell down.

"Oh, no!" cried Lulu from the top of the tree. "Zack, are you okay?" But Zack did not answer. He was hurt and could not get up. Lulu flew down to get help, but it was too late. Zack had tried too hard to climb the tree, and now he could not play anymore. And that made everyone very sad. 

Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little dog named Spot. Spot was a funny dog with spiky, white fur. He loved to play and run. He loved to bark, too. Spot's best friend was the moon. Each night, Spot would look up at the moon and bark, "Hello, Moon!"

One night, Spot saw that the moon was not in the sky. "Where is my friend, Moon?" Spot asked. He looked around and he barked. But the moon did not answer. Spot felt very sad.

The next day, Spot met a big bird. "Why are you sad?" the bird asked. Spot said, "My friend, Moon, is gone. I miss him." The bird looked up at the sky. "Don't worry, Spot. The moon will be back tonight," the bird said.

That night, Spot waited and waited for the moon. He barked and barked. But the moon did not come back. Spot felt even more sad. He missed his friend, Moon, very much.

Days and nights passed. The moon did not come back. Spot still felt sad. He looked up at the dark sky every night and barked, "Where are you, Moon?" But the moon did not answer. And that is the end. Spot never saw his friend, the moon, again.

Once upon a time, there was a big, bright red apple. It lived on a high branch of a tall tree. The apple was not alone. It had many friends who were also bright red apples. They would spend their days in the sun, growing big and ripe.

One day, a playful little boy named Tim saw the bright red apple. Tim wanted to play. He said to the apple, "Apple, you look fun! I want to kick you like a ball." The apple was scared, but it couldn't run or hide. It was just an apple, after all.

The next day, Tim came back. He wore his big, hard shoe. He took a step back and then he ran up to the tree. With a loud "Thud!", Tim kicked the tree as hard as he could. All the bright red apples fell down, even the one Tim had talked to. They fell on the hard ground.

"Oh no!" said Tim. He had not meant to hurt all the apples. He picked up the bright red apple he had talked to. It was not bright and happy anymore. It was soft and sad. Tim felt very bad.

Once upon a time, a boy named Tom had a red bicycle. This bike had big, round wheels. He loved to ride it up and down his street.

One day, a big cat jumped out in front of Tom. He was so scared, he fell off his bike. "Oh no, my bike!" he said. The bike had a big dent in its round wheel. Tom began to cry. His bike was hurt, and he could not ride it anymore.

Tom's mom saw him cry and came out. "What happened, Tom?" she asked. "The big cat scared me, and I fell off my bike. Look at the wheel, mom!" he said, pointing at the dent. His mom sighed. "I'm sorry, Tom. We can't fix this right now."

Day after day, Tom looked at his bike with the hurt wheel. It made him feel very sad. He missed riding up and down the street. He wished he had been more careful. But the wheel stayed dented, and the bicycle stayed still.

Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to draw. She would take her big box of colors and draw all day. She liked to draw all kinds of things, but her most loved thing to draw was a soft flower.

One day, while drawing a pretty, soft flower, she saw a real flower on her table. It was pink and soft and looked just like her drawing. Lily was happy. She reached out to touch it, but the flower spoke, "Please, don't touch me, Lily. It will hurt."

Lily was surprised, "I am sorry, Flower. I did not know you could feel." Flower was glad that Lily understood. It did not want to be hurt.

Days passed, and Lily and the flower became good friends. They would talk and Lily would draw all day. But one day, Lily's mom saw the flower. She thought it was dead. Without knowing it was Lily's friend, she threw it away.

Lily came back from her nap and saw that her flower friend was gone. She cried and cried but the flower never came back. Lily was sad, and she stopped drawing flowers for a long time. 

Once upon a time, there was a big, brown bear. His name was Bob. Bob was not a fast bear. He liked to play all day with his friend, a little bird named Bess.

One day, Bob and Bess decided to play a new game. "Let's race!" said Bess. Bob nodded. He wanted to show that he could be fast too. "Ready, set, go!" Bess said, and off they went.

Bob ran and ran, but he was not fast like Bess. Bess flew high and was far ahead. Bob was sad. He didn't like being slow. He wanted to win. He tried to run faster and faster.

Suddenly, Bob tripped on a big rock. He fell down. "Oh no!" said Bob, "I am hurt." Bess flew back to help, but she was too small to help Bob up. Bob had to lay down all day and couldn't play anymore. He wished he hadn't tried to be fast like Bess.

Once upon a time, there was a big, heavy dog named Spot. Spot liked to sit. He would sit in the yard, he would sit in the house, and he would sit in the park. Spot's best friend was a little girl named Sue. Sue liked to play, but Spot just liked to sit.

One sunny day, Sue came to Spot and said, "Let's go play, Spot!" Spot just looked at her and sat. Sue tried again, "Come on, Spot, let's go!" But Spot was very heavy and he liked to sit, so he just sat there.

Sue felt sad. She went to the park by herself. She kicked her red ball and ran. She had fun, but she missed Spot. Sue wished Spot could play with her.

The next day, Sue took her red ball and went to Spot. She asked, "Spot, will you play with me today?" Spot just sat there, being his heavy self. Sue kicked her red ball, but Spot did not chase it. Sue's heart felt heavy, just like Spot.

That night, Spot still sat. He did not play. He did not chase the red ball. Sue was sad. 

Once upon a time, there was a bright, shiny star. It lived high up in the sky. It was a light star, always happy and loved to play. It would shine brightly every night. The star had a best friend, the moon. They loved to talk and play together when the sun went to sleep.

One night, the light star said to the moon, "Let's play hide and seek! I'll hide, and you seek." The moon said, "Okay, but don't hide too far!" The star giggled, "I won't!" and went off to hide.

The star hid behind a big cloud. It was fun, but then, the star saw something down on earth. It was a little boy crying. The star felt bad. It wanted to make the boy happy.

The star fell down from the sky to talk to the boy. It said, "Why are you sad?" The boy looked up and saw the star. He said, "I lost my toy." The star tried to help the boy, but it couldn't find the toy.

After a long time, the star felt tired. It missed its friend, the moon, and wanted to go back to the sky. But it was too late. The star had come too far down and couldn't go back up.

Once, there was a small cat named Spot. Spot loved to eat cake. One day, Spot saw a very small cake on a table. It was the smallest cake he had ever seen! It had pink and white stripes, and looked so good. Spot wanted to eat that cake.

Spot jumped up onto the table. "Oh, small cake!" he said. "You look so good. I want to eat you." He was very happy. Spot was so happy, he began to laugh. He laughed and laughed, shaking his little cat body.

Just as Spot was about to eat the cake, a little girl named Lily walked in. Lily saw Spot on the table. "No, Spot!" she said. "That cake is not for you. It is for my tea party with my dolls." Spot looked at Lily and the small cake. He felt sad. But he was a good cat and he jumped down from the table.

Spot walked away. He was not laughing now. He was sad because he did not get to eat the cake. Lily picked up the small cake and went to her tea party. Spot sat by the door and watched. He could see the small cake at the tea party. It looked so good, but he could not eat it.

Once upon a time, a big bear named Bob lived in a snow land. He loved to paint. He would dip his big paw into bright paint and smear it all over the snow. He liked how the snow turned red, blue, yellow, and even pink.

One day, a loud bird flew down from a tree. "Bob!" said the bird. "Why do you paint the snow? It is nice when it is white."

Bob looked at the bird. "I like to see the snow in all the colors. I love to paint."

The next day, Bob saw that all his paints were gone. He was sad. He did not know who took his paints away. He wanted to make the snow red, blue, yellow, and pink again.

Bob looked everywhere. Then, he saw the loud bird with all his paints. "Why did you take my paints?" Bob asked the bird. The bird said, "I liked the snow when it was white. Your colors were too bright."

And so, Bob could not paint the snow anymore. He missed how the snow looked in red, blue, yellow, and pink. The snow stayed white, and the loud bird was happy. But Bob, the big bear, was very sad.

Once upon a time, a big bear named Bob lived in a snow land. He loved to paint. He would dip his big paw into bright paint and smear it all over the snow. He liked how the snow turned red, blue, yellow, and even pink.

One day, a loud bird flew down from a tree. "Bob!" said the bird. "Why do you paint the snow? It is nice when it is white."

Bob looked at the bird. "I like to see the snow in all the colors. I love to paint."

The next day, Bob saw that all his paints were gone. He was sad. He did not know who took his paints away. He wanted to make the snow red, blue, yellow, and pink again.

Bob looked everywhere. Then, he saw the loud bird with all his paints. "Why did you take my paints?" Bob asked the bird. The bird said, "I liked the snow when it was white. Your colors were too bright."

And so, Bob could not paint the snow anymore. He missed how the snow looked in red, blue, yellow, and pink. The snow stayed white, and the loud bird was happy. But Bob, the big bear, was very sad.

Once upon a time, there was a tiny bug. His name was Spot. Spot lived in a tiny house that was near a big house with a big window. Spot loved to look at the window every day. He loved how the sun would shine through it and make pretty colors on the floor.

One day, Spot saw a big boy named Ben through the window. Ben had a book. Spot saw Ben read the book. Spot wanted to read a book too. He thought, "I want to read like Ben."

So, Spot flew to the big house. He flew up, up, up to the window. He said, "Hello, big boy Ben. Can I read with you?" Ben looked down and saw Spot. He smiled and said, "Yes, Spot! You can read with me."

Spot was happy. He sat with Ben and tried to read. But the words were too big. Spot could not read. He felt sad. Spot said, "I cannot read, Ben. The words are too big." Ben laughed and said, "That's okay, Spot. You are tiny. You do not need to read big words."

Spot wanted to read big words. He felt bad and flew away from the big house. Spot was so sad, he flew into a big tree. Spot fell down, down, down to the ground. Spot could not fly anymore. The end.

Once upon a time, a bath tub lived in a tall, tall house. This was no plain bath tub; it had legs and it could run very fast! The bath loved to run up and down the stairs, play in the rooms, and hide in the closet. The tall house was its playground.

One day, a ball fell into the bath. "Oh no," said the bath, "I can't run with you inside!" The bath tried to shake the ball out, but the ball was stuck. The bath was sad because it couldn't run and play anymore.

So, the bath went to its friend, the towel. "Towel," said the bath, "can you help me? I want to run but the ball is stuck inside me." The towel tried to help, but the ball was too deep inside the bath.

The bath tried to run with the ball inside, but it was too hard. It fell down the stairs and broke into two. The bath was very sad; it couldn't run and play in the tall house anymore. But, the ball was free and rolled away happily.

In the end, the bath couldn't be a bath or run again. It was left on the floor of the tall house. It was a bad day for the bath.

Once upon a time, there was a small ant named Andy. Andy loved to climb. He climbed up and down, here and there, on trees, on hills, and even on big rocks. Andy was so small, but his heart was very big.

One day, Andy saw a big piece of bread on top of a table. His tiny eyes lit up. "Yum! That would be a great food for all my friends!" Andy said. So, Andy started to climb the tall table leg. He climbed and climbed until he reached the top.

"Wow! The bread is so big up close!" Andy said. He took a small piece and started his way down. He wanted to share the bread with all his ant friends. Down the table leg, he went very slow and careful. But suddenly, a big wind blew.

The wind was so strong. Andy held onto the bread tight, but the wind was stronger. "Help!" Andy cried. But the wind did not listen. It blew Andy off the table and far away.

Once upon a time, there was a small fish named Bubba. Bubba loved to swim fast and play in the cool, blue sea. He was not like the big fish who had big fish things to do. Bubba was small, and that made him happy.

One sunny day, while Bubba was playing, he saw a strange thing in the water. It was soft and floaty. It was a shirt! Bubba was so happy. "Look," he told his fish friends, "I found a shirt!" His friends looked and laughed. "A fish with a shirt! How funny!"

Bubba loved his new shirt. He wore it every day when he swam in the sea. But the shirt was not made for the sea, it was made for people. As days went by, the shirt got heavy and soggy. But Bubba did not want to let go of his shirt. He loved it too much.

Then, one sad day, Bubba could not swim fast anymore. His shirt was too heavy. His fish friends tried to help him, but Bubba was stuck. He could not move, and he could not take off his shirt. The small fish with the shirt was not happy anymore.

Once upon a time, a small boy named Sam found a big, green box in his room. The box was just as tall as Sam, and it was very pretty. Sam liked the box a lot. He thought, "I can play with this big, green box!"

He went to his mom and said, "Mom, can I play with the big, green box?" His mom smiled and said, "Yes, Sam, you can play with the box. But, remember to play nice. The box is not strong. It might break if you play too hard."

Sam was very happy. He ran back to his room and began to play with the box. He played with the box all day. He pretended the box was a big castle, and he was the king.

But Sam forgot what his mom had said. He played too hard. He jumped on the box again and again. Then, with a the box broke. 

Once upon a time, in a short, small tree, there lived a bright, red bird. She had a soft nest and loved to fly high in the sky. But, most of all, she loved to eat! Worms, bugs, seeds - she liked them all. But her most loved food was the soft green leaf from the top of her tree.

One day, she woke up and saw no green leaf on her tree. "Oh no! Where are my yummy leaves?" she said. She felt very sad. She loved the leaves so much. She wanted to eat a green leaf, but there were none left.

She flew to her friend, the big old frog. "Frog," she said, "my tree has no more leaves. I'm very hungry." Frog looked at the tree. "Bird, your tree is short. You ate all the leaves."

Bird looked at her tree. It was true. The tree was short because she ate all the leaves. Now, there were no leaves left for her to eat. She felt very bad.

Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. Ben loved to draw. He had a big yellow crayon that he used every day. One day, Ben saw a big yellow door. It was the door to his house. Ben had an idea. "I will draw on the door," he said.

Ben took his big yellow crayon and started to draw on the door. He drew the sun, and a cat, and a big tree. It looked very pretty. But then, Ben's mom saw what he was doing. "Oh no, Ben!" she said, "We don't draw on the door."

Ben looked at his mom and then at the door. He didn't know that it was bad to draw on the door. He felt very sad. Ben's mom took the yellow crayon from him. "I'm sorry, Ben," she said, "But you can't draw on the door anymore."

After that day, Ben never drew on the door again. He still loved to draw, but he only drew on paper. And the big yellow door? It stayed yellow, but it never had any drawings on it again. It was a little sad, but Ben learned that not everything can be used for drawing. And that was the end of the story.

Once upon a time, there was a little cup. This cup was not just any cup, it was a purple cup. The cup liked to play with its friends, the plate and the spoon, during the day. They would play hide and seek, and the cup, because it was so small, would always win.

One day, while the cup was playing with the spoon and the plate, a big boy named Ben came into the room. He saw the cup and said, "What a nice cup! I will use it to drink my milk." The purple cup was scared. It did not want to be used, it wanted to play with its friends.

"Please, Ben, do not use me," said the purple cup. But Ben did not listen. He filled the cup with milk and drank it all up. After he was done, he did not wash the cup, but left it on the table, all dirty and sad.

Once upon a time, in a big red tree, there lived a very big bee. This bee was so big that all the little bugs were scared of him. His name was Buzz.

One sunny day, Buzz met a tiny ant named Tim. "Hi, Buzz!" Tim said with a happy wave, "Will you play with me?" But Buzz just buzzed, "I am too big to play with you, Tim. Go away!"

Tim felt sad, but he still wanted to be friends with Buzz. So he thought and thought. Then, he got an idea. He knew that Buzz loved to sleep during the day. So, Tim decided to wake Buzz up and play with him.

Tim crawled up the big red tree and found Buzz in deep sleep. He shouted, "Wake up, Buzz! Let's play!" But Buzz was so mad to be woken up. He got up with a loud buzz, and he looked very mad. Tim was scared, but he just wanted to play.

But Buzz did not want to play. He was so mad that he pushed Tim out of the tree. Poor Tim fell down and bumped his head. From that day on, Tim learned not to wake up anyone from their sleep. And Buzz, he just kept being big and mean, not wanting to play with anyone.

Once upon a time, there was a big, clumsy fish. He was so big and so clumsy, that he kept bumping into the other little fish in the pond. His name was Bob. Bob was not a mean fish, but because he was so big and clumsy, the little fish were scared of him.

One day, Bob saw a little fish crying. "Why are you sad?" Bob asked. The little fish said, "I am sad because I cannot sleep. Every time I try to close my eyes, I get scared because you might bump into me." Bob felt very bad.

Bob thought for a long time about how to make the little fish feel safe. Then he had an idea. "I will go sleep in the big sea. It is so big that I will not bump into anyone there. Then you can sleep without being scared," Bob said. The little fish was very happy and thanked Bob.

Bob swam away to the big sea. It was so big, and Bob was very scared. But he knew he had to do it for the little fish. He found a spot far away from any other fish and started to sleep. But he was so clumsy, he did not see a big net in the water. While he was sleeping, the net caught Bob and pulled him out of the water. It was a fisherman's net.

The next day, the little fish waited and waited for Bob to come back. But Bob never came back. The little fish was able to sleep, but he missed his big, clumsy friend. 

Once upon a time, there was a big, clumsy fish. He was so big and so clumsy, that he kept bumping into the other little fish in the pond. His name was Bob. Bob was not a mean fish, but because he was so big and clumsy, the little fish were scared of him.

One day, Bob saw a little fish crying. "Why are you sad?" Bob asked. The little fish said, "I am sad because I cannot sleep. Every time I try to close my eyes, I get scared because you might bump into me." Bob felt very bad.

Bob thought for a long time about how to make the little fish feel safe. Then he had an idea. "I will go sleep in the big sea. It is so big that I will not bump into anyone there. Then you can sleep without being scared," Bob said. The little fish was very happy and thanked Bob.

Bob swam away to the big sea. It was so big, and Bob was very scared. But he knew he had to do it for the little fish. He found a spot far away from any other fish and started to sleep. But he was so clumsy, he did not see a big net in the water. While he was sleeping, the net caught Bob and pulled him out of the water. It was a fisherman's net.

The next day, the little fish waited and waited for Bob to come back. But Bob never came back. The little fish was able to sleep, but he missed his big, clumsy friend. 
